Update with new procedure and clarify language (#18)
ponylang/contributors: pony-sync.md

## Running the Pony Sync

> The Pony Sync takes place as a [Zoom](https://zoom.us) call. In order to run the Pony Sync you must have Zoom installed, and be logged in as `ponylang.main@gmail.com`. A list of issues/PRs for discussion is generated by a scheduled GH action on the [pony-sync-helper](https://github.com/ponylang/pony-sync-helper) and posted prior to Pony Sync into the [`sync`](https://ponylang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/190591-sync) stream in Zulip, in a topic whose name is the date of the meeting in US date format (for example May 12, 2020 would be "5/12/2020"). This GH action generates its list based on issues/PRs with the "discuss during sync" tag -- which is automated for [addition](.github/workflows/add-discuss-during-sync.yml) and [removal](.github/workflows/remove-discuss-during-sync.yml), but can also be applied manually as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pony Sync takes place as a [Zoom](https://zoom.us) call. In order to run the Pony Sync you must have Zoom installed, and be logged in as `ponylang.main@gmail.com`. A list of issues/PRs for discussion is generated by a scheduled GH action on the [pony-sync-helper](https://github.com/ponylang/pony-sync-helper) and posted prior to Pony Sync into the [`sync`](https://ponylang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/190591-sync) stream in Zulip, in a topic whose name is the date of the meeting in the format YYYY-MM-DD (for example May 12, 2020 would be "2020-05-12"). This GH action generates its list based on issues/PRs with the "discuss during sync" tag -- which is automated for [addition](.github/workflows/add-discuss-during-sync.yml) and [removal](.github/workflows/remove-discuss-during-sync.yml), but can also be applied manually as needed.
```
